125 mso tenant site vrf region gcp attributes (#205)
CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-mso: website/docs/r/tenant.html.markdown

```hcl

data "mso_site" "site1" {
  name = "site1"
}

data "mso_user" "user1" {
  username = "user1"
}

> # With No Site Association

Reviewer: No site? There is one below...

Author: should be non-cloud

    azure_application_id      = "appidtf"
    azure_client_secret       = "clitf"
    azure_active_directory_id = "adidtf"
  }
  user_associations {
    user_id = mso_user.user1.id
  }
}

# With GCP Site Association
resource "mso_tenant" "tenant4" {
  name         = "tenant4"
  display_name = "tenant4"
  description  = "demo tenant 4"
  site_associations {
    site_id         = data.mso_site.demo_site.id
    vendor          = "gcp"
    gcp_project_id  = "10"
    gcp_access_type = "unmanaged"
    gcp_email       = "demo@tenant.com"
		gcp_name        = "demo_name"

> 		gcp_key_id      = "demo_key"

Reviewer 2: not formatted

* `site_association.gcp_project_id` - (Optional) GCP Project Id. It must be provided for the GCP account. This parameter will only have effect with `vendor` = gcp.
* `site_association.gcp_access_type` - (Optional) Type of GCP Account Configuration. Allowed values are `managed` or `unmanaged`. This parameter will only have effect with `vendor` = gcp.
* `site_association.gcp_name` - (Optional) GCP Name. It must be provided if the GCP account is not managed. This parameter will only have effect with `vendor` = gcp.
* `site_association.gcp_key_id` - (Optional) GCP Key Id. It must be provided if the GCP account is not managed. This parameter will only have effect with `vendor` = gcp.
* `site_association.gcp_private_key` - (Optional) GCP Private Key. This parameter will only have effect with `vendor` = gcp.
* `site_association.gcp_client_id` - (Optional) GCP Client Id. This parameter will only have effect with `vendor` = gcp.
* `site_association.gcp_email` - (Optional) GCP Email. It must be provided if the GCP account is not managed. This parameter will only have effect with `vendor` = gcp.

> NOTE: AWS, Azure or GCP credentials will be used based on whatever is passed in `vendor` argument if both (AWS + Azure + GCP) Credentials are provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: AWS, Azure or GCP credentials will be used based on whatever is passed in `vendor` argument if more than one (AWS + Azure + GCP) Credentials are provided.
```

Author: ok
